- [Instructor] Within Java EE,
we can create a message-driven bean
to act as a consumer of messages arriving
on an JMS queue or topic.
To show the separation possible
between the consumer and the producer,
we're going to reuse our ejb project
to create the consuming message-driven bean
in a separate project from the producer.
To do that, let's expand our ejb project
and we're going to right click on our com.linkediin package.
And then you'll see
that we can select the Message Driven Bean
right from the first menu.
And this is going to open a dialog
where we can build our JMS consumer.
So let's name the class JmsConsumer
and then you'll notice the destination name
and this where we provide the Gindi name
for our JSM queue
so if you remember, it was at /jsm/queue/HSportsQueue
and you'll want to make sure
that you have the casing correct there.
The S is actually lowercase.
So I'm going to adjust mine.
And then from there, just make sure
you have the JSM checkbox checked
and the Destination type set to Queue.
You'll notice you could also select Topic
if you were working with the topic.
So with those in place, hit Next
and in this dialogue,
we see that we're able to specify interfaces
for our message-driven bean.
We're okay with the message listener interface.
It's going to provide an onMessage method
that we'll provide the implementation for
and then you can see that the transaction type
is set to container.
So it is going to be managed by our Java EE container.
All right, so we went ahead,
created our new JsmConsumer class.
You can see that Eclipse tolling
is going to add the MessageDriven annotation
to that class
and within there, it's setting up the connection
to our queue
and it's also providing the destination type
to indicate we are connecting to a queue.
Let's scroll down within this class
and the part we're really concerned with here
is the onMessage method.
So we need to provide an implementation
of what to do when a message is received
from the JSM queue
and we're going to keep it simple.
We're just going to add some console output
to indicate that we are in the message-driven bean.
And then we can access the message here.
So we can use the message object
that is passed as an argument to this method
and we can get its body
and here we can specify that the body
is of type String.
Now, you will notice that we need
to catch some exceptions here
that could be generated.
There could be a JSM exception
if there were issues getting that message off of the queue.
So let's go ahead, we can format our class
to clean things up.
And now we're ready to run an example.
So you'll remember if we take a look
at our service that we're going to be creating a message
on the queue any time we create a new item
because we injected our service into the backing bean
for our form and any time we create a new item,
we're going to pass its name.
So let's go ahead
and we can start our application.
And we're going to keep an eye on the console here
because that's where our output's going to be placed.
And we're going to build another product
within our inventory
so let's go ahead, we'll create some mittens this time.
They're supplied by CompanyA
and we'll say they're coming on the 20th of October
and then we'll say that they are great mittens.
Okay, so let's keep an eye on our console here
as we submit that.
There we can see that the new product was created
and if we take a look,
you can see the output from our JSM Consumer
and it was able to receive the message sent
by the producer and we got that text message
and printed out the name of our item.
So that was a look at using JMS within Java EE.
It's very useful for messaging
between applications and with all the tolling
in Eclipse, it's pretty easy to set up.